# my_CPF
A combied Particle Filter (CPF) algorithm for state estimation with time-varying transfer model

Particle filter (PF) has been widely used to solve state estimation problem in time series analysis domain account of its adaptability on non-linear / non-Gaussian system. One of the most important factors affecting the performance of PF is whether an effective prediction model can be confirmed to reflect the correlation of continuous states. In this paper, we regard the system transfer space as a set composed by finite prediction modes, and then propose a new Combined Particle Filter (CPF) framework to achieve the prediction mode recognition and state tracking jointly. In the CPF, the prediction mode is considered as a variable to be estimated, same as the system state variables. When implementing the CPF, a certain mode is selected for each particle according to the prior probability distribution of modes，then the state variables of particles in each frame are predicted using the prediction model corresponding to the selected modes. During the update stage, the state variables of particles are resampled based on their confidences，which means the mode variables are resampled synchronously. Ultimately, the resampled particle state set constitutes the global estimation of the system state while the resampled mode variables reflect the ideal transfer mode of current frame. The evaluation index system is constructed in several evaluation tests and under this system the performance of CPF exceeds the existing state-of-the-art PF algorithm.
